{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\qc

\f0\b\fs27 \cf0 Privacy Notice
\b0\fs15 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 This Privacy Notice provides important information about your privacy in connection with your use of Lockheed Martin Corporation public software applications. Please review it carefully. Your continued use of this software constitutes your agreement with this Privacy Notice and any subsequent updates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\b \cf0 Our Commitment to Privacy
\b0 \uc0\u8232 At Lockheed Martin your privacy is important to us. We are committed to complying with all applicable federal, state, local, and International privacy laws and regulations. We strive to provide an environment in which our employees, customers, stockholders, and partners trust us to handle personal information responsibly. We provide this privacy notice as part of our commitment to privacy by describing what personal information we collect, how we use it, how we protect it, and with whom we share it.\

\b Scope of This Notice
\b0 \uc0\u8232 This notice applies to all users of Lockheed Martin unclassified publicly available software applications.\

\b What Information We Collect and How We Use It
\b0 \uc0\u8232 While using our software application, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information in order to facilitate your use of the application. The specific information that you may choose to provide will depend on the nature of the software application functionality and is always voluntary.\

\b How We Protect Your Information
\b0 \uc0\u8232 We use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access. All personal information that we collect is protected using industry standard computer security and industrial security practices. \

\b Cookies and Other Website Technical Considerations
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Our software applications may use modern web application methods that result in the automatic collection and storage of certain data that some may consider to be personal or personally identifiable information. This may include your Internet Protocol or IP addresses, your geographical location, type of browser that you use, and other technical data about your computing environment. This information is stored in server logs that we maintain and review for the purpose of improving and supporting the secure operation of our software applications. We may use \'93cookies\'94 to enhance the experience of our visitors, such as retaining user preferences between sessions. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer. Cookies cannot be used to deliver viruses to your computer, they are uniquely assigned to you, and our cookies can only be read by our web servers. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies or, if you prefer, you can modify your web browser settings to decline all cookies or selectively decline cookies as they are offered. Our software may contain links to third party websites. You should carefully review the privacy notices and practices of other websites, as we cannot control or be responsible for the privacy practices of sites not affiliated with Lockheed Martin.\

\b With Whom We Share Your Information
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Information collected from you by Lockheed Martin will not be shared with third parties for purposes other than in support of Lockheed Martin\'92s operations and as necessary to facilitate the purpose for which you provided it. In some cases we may share the information with service providers retained by the Corporation to provide services on its behalf. These providers will use your information only to accomplish the task for which they have been retained. Lockheed Martin is a United States corporation with operations in many other countries. From whatever place you provide information to this software application, you should expect that it will be processed and viewed in the United States. Your use of this software application constitutes your consent for any cross-border data transfer resulting from such use. Your information may also be shared under the following circumstances (i) if we are required to do so by law enforcement authorities or government agencies, and (ii) in connection with investigations or other efforts to prevent illegal activities or pertaining to public safety.\

\b Children\'92s Privacy
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Lockheed Martin\'92s software applications are not designed with the intent to attract the collection of information from children under the age of 13. We ask that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to us while using our software applications.\

\b Updates to This Privacy Notice
\b0 \uc0\u8232 We may update this Privacy Notice periodically without prior notice to reflect changes in our practice. Updates will be dated and posted on our corporate website. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 How to Contact us
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b0\fs15 \cf0 If you have questions relating to this Privacy Notice, or for any questions you might have about our privacy practices, please contact our Privacy Office at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:privacy.fc-LM@lmco.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 privacy.fc-LM@lmco.com}}.\
}